Jayden:
    1. As a user, I want to register with my name, email, and a password, so I can safely access a new account
        - Given a valid email address, when I enter my name, email, and password, and click 'register', I
        receive visual confirmation that a registration attempt has been lodged

    2. As a user, I want to have a verification email sent to me, to make sure no one else registers my email
    address
        - Given a registration attempt and a prompt for a code, when I enter the code emailed to me, I see
        visual feedback showing I am verified

    3. As a user, I want to login with my email and password, so I can start donating and collecting food
        - Given a registered email, when I enter my details and click 'login', I am logged into the application
        and my personal details are shown

    4. As a user, I want to log out of my account, so my information is kept secure
        - Given a logged in account, when I click 'log out', I am returned to the login screen and my details
        are no longer displayed

    5. As a user, I want to be able to reset my password, in case I forget it, or it needs to be updated
        -

    6. As a user, I want to view and update my personal information, so I can keep my account up to date
        - Given a screen displaying my personal information, when I click edit and update my information,
        I can return to the screen and see my updated information

    7. As a user, I want to view and update my preferences, so the application works the way I want it to
        - Given a screen displaying my preferences, when I click edit and update my information, I can return
        to the screen and see my updated information

    8. As a user, I want to upload a profile photo, so myself and others can visually identify my profile
        - Given a

    9. As a user, I want to be able to delete my account, so my information is removed if I no longer want to
    use the application
        - Given a logged-in user, when I click 'Delete my account', I am no longer able to log in using my
        previous account details

    10. As a user, I want to view my past donations and points, so I can see my contributions to my local
    community
        - Given a logged-in user, when I open the 'history' page, I can accurately see my previous donations
        and current point score

    11. As a user, I want to view reviews of my past donations, so I can see what others think of my donations
        - Given a logged-in user, when I open the 'history' page, I can see reviews for each of my previous
        donations, and any comments that have been made

    12. As a user, I want to earn perks and visual rewards, so I can be incentivised to donate more
        - Given a logged-in user, when I reach a certain threshold of points, I see a star appear next to my
        profile, representing a high point score

    13. As a user, I want to be able to reset my preferences to the default, so I can undo everything if I
    make a mistake
        - Given a logged-in user on the preferences page, when I click 'reset to default', all my preferences
        change to what they were when I first registered

    14. As a user, I want to be able to see a leaderboard of the users with the highest points in my local area
        - Given a logged-in user, when I click on the 'leaderboard' page, I see a list of users and their
        points, and I see my position on the leaderboard

    15. As a receiver, I want to be able to review a donator's profile, so I can trust that they will give me
    a good donation
        - Given a donation attempt, when I click on the donator's name, I can see their history of donations
        and reviews for each


Adam (tu):
1.	As a receiver, I want to be able to see a map so I can see nearby donors of food.
    a.	 Given there is a valid user database and I click on the map page, then a map of food donors is displayed.

2.	As a receiver, I want to be able to configure a max radius of nearby food donors and receivers so that I can see only relevant users nearby me.
    a.	Given there is a input-box in the map and profile settings, when I enter a valid positive integer, the map is then updated to show only users within that           radius in meters squared of me.

3.	As a receiver, I want to be able to filter or set preference of food so that I can only see food that matches what I want.
    a.	Given a valid list of food categories in the either map page or profile settings, when I select the foods as preference, the map will then only display donors      with donations matching my preferences.

4.	As a donor, I want to be able to notify receivers that I am donating food so that I can give away food I won’t eat.
    a.	Given a valid list of food / groceries in my foods page, when I click donate button on a food item, the map will then update to show my donation and its            location.

5.	As a donor, I want to be able to remove my donation advertisement so that I can let others know It’s not available anymore.
    a.	Given a valid list of foods being advertised, when I click to remove advertisement on a food item, the map will then update to not show my donation.

6.	As a business, I want to be able to show my business location so that I can let others know my business is a regular food donor.
    a.	Given an input box in my business specific settings, when I enter a location, the map will then update to show my business location.

7.	As a receiver, I want my map to be automatically updated so that I am always looking at accurate information
    a.	Given a valid update to a user(s), when an update is made to a user(s), then the map will automatically reflect that update without touching anything.

8.	As a user, I want to be able to select a location, so that I can see if there are any receivers or donors in that vicinity.
    a.	Given the location input box in the map page, when I enter a specific location to view in the map settings, then the map’s center will shift to that location.

9.	As a business, I want to be able to show other users I am hosting a special event so that users will show up to my event.
    a.	Given the business options in my settings has an add event button, when I click it and add valid options, then the map will show the location has my event.

10.	As a user, I want to be able to click on other users on the map so that I can view other things they might want to give or receive.
    a.	Given I’m on the map and there are user markers, when I click on the marker, it will expand the marker to show a more detailed summary of the user.
11.	As a user, I want to be able to click on a user to go to their public profile so I can find out more about other users.
    a.	Given I’m on the map and there are user markers that have been expanded and have a button, when I click on the button, it will send me to their profile.
12.	As a receiver, I want to be able to color code nearby donors based on the nearing expiry date of their food so that I don’t have to manually click users to check.
    a.	Given a button in the map settings or profile to toggle color coding, when I enable the button and go to the map, then it will color code users based on their      expiry dates.
13.	As a receiver, I want to be able to select the maximum number of users to display within radius so that I can see the closest possible donors.  
    a.	Given an input in the map settings, when I enter a valid positive number, then map will show the closets users up to the maximum number I entered.
14.	As a user, I want to be able to view other miscellaneous companies like homeless shelters so that I can see other alternatives for donating food.
    a.	Given a working switch button in my profile page, when I toggle it on and then view the map, the map will also display third-party food donating related locations.
15.	As a user, I want to be able to share a location of a user receiving or donating food on the map so that I can give another details to another person who doesn’t   use the app.
    a.	Given an expanded user marker on the map and a button to copy and paste address, when I click the button, then it will copy the details of the user including   person, food and address to my clip board. 
